When I heard about the new publication to enjoy the life of a book, I was very nervous.
It was change and sometimes I don't like change, but I know that it was for the best.
I just needed to try it out.
I didn't have a progressive Bible study in years, but the book, the way it was designed
was to help me as a teacher.
Once the features of this new publication were explained, it was going to help us to help our Bible students
begin preaching in the ministry, as well as helping our Bible students make changes in their everyday life.
And we were really excited about using those features to help our students to do so.
I like the some people say section at the bottom of the lesson, because that helps prepare her for informal witnessing.
It helps them to formulate in their own words how to defend their faith, or how to preach informally
or use those opportunities to share what they just learned.
This was her way of learning how to feel comfortable talking to others about Jehovah and teaching others about Jehovah.
You're right away from lesson one, lesson two, encouraging them to recognize that it's not just about what they're learning,
but it's also about what they can share with others.
As the Bible teacher, it helps us to round out the rough edges so that when they do speak to others, it's tactful.
You know, I put her in that place like, what would you say if someone told you that Jesus was God?
Like, how would you answer that question?
And that went to her heart and she was able to answer the question, well, I would tell them this.
I would say this because that's exactly what happened.
She was telling her family about the lessons that she was learning the things that she learned from the Bible.
So all along, she was informal witnessing and not realizing that's what she was doing.
So when you see that connection between what they're learning and how they can use what they learn,
it's just a wonderful feeling because you recognize that now they'll be able to teach somebody else.
One thing that the book also does is that it progressively helps the student to make changes in their personal life in order to live by Jehovah's standards.
The section review is a series of questions that usually has a key question or a key verse related to that lesson.
So before going on to the next section, it's almost like a filter.
It stops them, helps them the review and helps the teacher realize, hmm, they don't quite understand that point.
They're excellent because they can get the expressions from your student where now you can really focus on what exactly are the issues that they're having.
I was able to see if she had any great areas.
If there was a problem or she didn't understand something.
Are they saying the book says, or you taught me this, then you know, okay, they need to be reminded of the scriptures.
And you need to see that truth a little bit deeper into their heart.
That's where I saw my student express herself and let me know things she was thinking or things that were bothering her,
does she realize that she needed to make changes with?
The questions are a bit more personal than maybe you would have asked in the past.
They're a bit more pointed than maybe we have the habit of asking.
Comparing my questions I used in the past, what's in the enjoy life forever book?
I mean, I wasn't getting anywhere.
These questions really help the students speak their heart and I'm so glad they're there.
What takes time, it also takes patience and love on our part to let them make those changes so they can qualify to become an unbeatableized publisher.
This publication, to enjoy life for a book, it's like no other.
It makes it much easier for them or you can help them much faster to get there.
That book has helped a lot. It definitely boosted my confidence.
It was designed to just bring people right into the truth.
Like she said, the book was me, especially for her.
When the time came for her to do door-to-door ministry, she was ready.
My student has already started several Bible studies.
This study program has trained him now to be a Bible teacher.
If you follow everything that's in the book, it's like a complete study.
There's little that we can add ourselves. It's all there.